<a name="#introduction" />
## Introduction

The Nodejitsu handbook will help you to familiarize yourself with deploying your
Node.js applications to the cloud using Nodejitsu's services. It also provides
detailed information about the Nodejitsu platform's advanced features and
information on getting support when you need it.

This is a living document which you can submit patches to at
[http://github.com/nodejitsu/handbook](http://github.com/nodejitsu/handbook).

### Who Is Nodejitsu?

We are a collective of seasoned developers who have been devoted to the Node.js
project since 2009. We are community leaders who have created and contributed to
hundreds of open-source Node.js projects. If you have used Node.js, you've
probably used code we've helped create. You can find our open source code at
<http://github.com/nodejitsu>.

### What Is Nodejitsu?

[Nodejitsu](http://nodejitsu.com/) is a Platform as a Service and a Marketplace
for Node.js applications. Nodejitsu allows you to seamlessly deploy your Node.js
applications into the cloud with a myriad of additional features. Our platform
provides a robust suite of functionality to assist in the development,
management, and deployment of Node.js applications. Our deployment tools are the
most user-friendly in the industry and our customer support is unparalleled. 

### Getting Started

So you wish to learn the ways of Nodejitsu? Excellent! You only need to know
three things to get started:

<!-- TODO: Fix all these links!!-->

* We're [Nodejitsu](http://nodejitsu.com), and we can give you scalable,
fault-tolerant cloud hosting for your Node.js apps - and we're the best you'll
find.

* Getting started with [your first app](#hiworld) is simple with our
[jitsu](#jitsu) command-line interface; we'll [show you how](#hiworld).

* Most of our stack is [open source](http://github.com/nodejitsu) and you can
[use our tools](#opensource) anywhere else you'd like to.

The Nodejitsu Handbook also contains information on [other ways to deploy your
applications](#deployment), how to [run your own cloud](#haibu) with our
software, and where to [get help](#support) when you need it.
